the FED has contributed to the rise in
the stock market but they are not alone
all central banks have followed the same
policy print money give it to banks give
it to corporations and don't tell the
public an excellent policy which has
worked rather successfully to support
Equity markets with some minor digging
however you will know the truth and
that's why you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at a few charts I want
to look at a few articles let's begin
with this I put this one right at the
front because I believe it is the most
important this was something that I
believe to be very truthful very telling
it is an eyeopener for many look at it
the G3 central bank balance sheet is
obviously supportive of equities
particularly the NASDAQ back and even
more in particular the Fang stocks what
we are seeing has been no doubt a very
significant rise but it directly
correlates to the central bank balance
sheet that's clear there is no way to
deny that then we see the exact opposite
and that is Commodities the dollar US
macro and the yield curve all moving in
the exact
opposite
direction we are witnessing this over
several months it's not just something
that overnight we had this little blip
that occurred no this has been going on
for several months now into last year
essentially let's take this for a moment
and break down what this could
mean if equities are being supported Ed
by central banks I would say yes you may
disagree others would say yes it's true
but let's ride the wave that's fine what
if they pull back what if central banks
decide to pull back as they all have
seemed to be doing so at least in
rhetoric are we going to then hedge our
bets are we going to pull out of the
market or will this just continue on
because Janet the felen yell and said
there won't be another
crash well I'll leave that up to you to
decide I'm just showing you the facts
take a look at this you decide for
yourself let me move on right here
looking at this the Canadian dollar has
been suffering I remember a time when
not too long ago when the Canadian
dollar and the US dollar were at
par that was something very interesting
and then of course things changed and
the Canadian dollar took a big hit and
those in the business World those in
government they believe that a weak
currency is a good thing you get that a
lot I think that is a silly notion for
the most part they would suggest exports
and this and that but
ultimately I you know I'm not one to
really believe that overall and we can
see that recently with Canada saying
that they're potentially going to
increase rates and they're going to work
on strengthening the Looney this and
that it has had a recent
uptick ultimately when the time
comes all countries will destroy their
currencies that's a
fact this right here Carney saying the
same thing we are going to pull back on
our currency manipulation printing
money I don't know if that's going to
happen or not I mean if it
is consider it to be the beginning of
the end for the bull market in equities
it's just you can't help it if it's
being supported by that you pull the
crutch
out you need to explain to me what's
going to push it
up the Invisible Hand I don't know you
tell me you us retail Mall vacancies
increased in the second quarter and
somehow rents were slightly higher Real
Estate research firms and then it goes
on the national retail vacancy rate Rose
to 10% and I think that is a very high
number when you think about it 10% of
these are vacant and then you look at
all the malls which have schools and
libraries and all these different things
that are being put into malls as a
result of having all this empty space so
they're offering up good
deals and it's something to take a look
at yes there's probably too much of this
commercial real estate the malls going
on in the first place you look at it
compared to areas like Europe for sure
you see that a lot however I think
there's just a big problem with the
economy in general there there's many
things going on but I do believe that
the economic activity is declining to
some degree you just can't have debt
expanding forever there are borders that
are reached and you can can't really
breach them ultimately you will have a
financial crisis that's what happened
last time and seems to be happening
again for the first time since the
financial crisis the FED clears all big
Bank
Capital return plans that's right there
will not be a financial crisis ever
again the Federal Reserve the gods of
money have decided that that is the case
according to them the FED did not object
to any of the capital plans of the 34
Banks it reviewed the stress test was
implemented in the wake of the financial
crisis saying we're all good stress test
passed everyone did well you get an A+
here is a trillion dollars for
everyone Federal Reserve chairperson
Janet Yellen spoke on Tuesday and
indicated that the financial system was
not likely to experience another
significant financial crisis in our
lifetime I talked about this in my
previous
video can you believe it
CNBC actually took the
opposite the opposite side if one
assesses check this out if one assesses
the impact of the new rules and
regulations on this country it is clear
that the FED has place the United States
at a greater risk of a major collapse
than any time in the past 110 years
going back to the Panic of
1907 it's big to say that I mean that's
bold I'm not saying that necessarily I
don't know how big the next crash will
be but CNBC is making that claim and
when you go against the grain it
definitely is more difficult to do than
just following in line with everybody
else so it takes a lot of guts to say
that all I know is that the central
banks have been printing a hell of a lot
of money they've been doing so ever
since the financial
crisis and if they pull back there's
nothing to support it that's my argument
that's what I'm going with I don't know
if the central banks are going to pull
back if they pull back my assumption is
that there will be a crash people aren't
listening to me they they just don't
listen to me they just maybe they read
the title and they get thrown off you
know you're only allowed a certain
amount of characters I can't write an
article and put it in the title it has
to be something that jumps at people
okay that's just the way it is okay this
is Media I'm not ever going to
be um I'm never going to be a liar I'm
never going to be one of those people
who
simply will say anything to get views
and I don't want to
be inconsistent in any way I'm saying
based on the facts I have made certain
claims and I'm standing by those at this
time
look at the central bank balance sheets
around the world look at the stock
markets they are very clearly
correlated should the bank balance
sheets
decline I expect the stock markets to go
in line with
that that's just a fact that's just the
way I see it so whether you know it
happens to a great degree or not I don't
know that's up to the central banks if
you have a question whether there will
be a collapse or you're curious yourself
perhaps you got a lot of money in stocks
you should go and see Janet Yellen have
a conversation with her and ask her are
you going to pull back on your
purchases if the answer is yes well then
we know what's happening with the stock
market if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative you'll find my books
even more informative you can flip
through them at Amazon they have a look
inside
feature and the first book to give you a
brief rundown it's about the four asset
classes and how to profit from them the
new book talks about familiar subjects
but I get into the money GPS strategy
and that's becoming self-sufficient
solar panels reducing your monthly
expenses all that good stuff so you can
check that out at Amazon if you want the
audiobook version I know a lot of people
are interested in that it's uh of of
global economic collapse only I'm still
working on the
other book as well it's a little bit
more complex that's at the money gps.com
you can check it out take care